Uzbekistan Samarkand Ulugbek and now
mine is given in honor of Uzbekistan already named
seven minor planets last namesake
famous republican observatory
this was suggested by Japanese astronomers
find maidan using a telescope
tried and generals maidan ok now
There is not only in Uzbekistan and in
solar system on clear nights small
the planet is clearly visible in telescopes
an astronomical observatory in honor
which she got her name
Names the center of the minor planets when
international astronomical union
call the planet Maidan offered
scientists from japan they are not her
pioneers but such a right
received as a reward for
holding an international meeting
asteroids and comets meteors and grand
project for the fence where we take the asteroid and
such a
for us it was very unexpected and
decision about uzbek japanese astronomers
many years of communication together they lead
surveillance of land hazards
asteroids
for this on Maidan aki created
special space service
security present time already
more than 500 thousand registered
asteroids
it turns out 6500 of them are set aside in
special category which is called
to potentially dangerous asteroids but by this
the activities of the observatory are not
limited to the main achievement output
outside galactic space
the big universe in the universe
there are billions billions of galaxies
so here is a certain part of these galaxies
undergo a very active stormy
process and these are so-called galaxies with
active nuclei we
We are studying the physics of blazars
Maidan KSK Observatory located on
a height of 2700 meters in the spurs of the Pamir-Alay
this is an ideal place for observation
plenty of clear nights and
unique equipment allows
get a lot of quality shots
the main telescope is equipped with a digital
camera
which is capable of working at
minus one hundred and ten degrees
there is no such equipment
single cis observatory
it allows you to even consider
cosmonauts ms coming out into the open
space soon observatory join
to the international project guy scientists
will carry out high-precision measurements
coordinates about a billion stars and on
this basis to build a three-dimensional model
our galaxy evgenii eagles january
Smailov Commonwealth News
uzbekistan